Update docs with AWS cleanup dos and don'ts (#41)
CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs: docs/OCP_CI_Tutorials/Cluster_Cleanup/Manual_Cluster_Cleanup_Guide.md

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [AWS](#aws)
  - [General cleanup dos and don'ts](#general-cleanup-dos-and-donts)
    - [VPCs](#vpcs)
    - [Hosted zones](#route-53-hosted-zones)
    - [S3 Buckets](#s3-buckets)
  - [Cleanup resources by cluster identified](#cleanup-resources-by-cluster-identified)

## Introduction

> Sometimes, a scenario can fail before a cluster is fully deprovisioned leaving stale resources in a cloud-provider (at the time of writing this, we only use AWS). If that occurs, the Interop team is responsible for cleaning that cluster up in the cloud-provider account to avoid any unwanted cost. This document will serve as a guide to how to manually cleanup a cluster in the cloud-provider platforms we use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, a scenario can fail before a cluster is fully deprovisioned leaving stale resources in a cloud-provider (at the time of writing this, we only use AWS). If that occurs, the Interop team is responsible for cleaning up that cluster in the cloud-provider account to avoid any unwanted cost. This document serves as a guide on how to manually clean up a cluster in the cloud-provider platforms we use.
```

## AWS

> 

Reviewer: ## Prerequisites

In order to perform manual cleanup and be able to delete resources in the cloud-provider account, users must belong to the *watchers* group, which subscribes to the  _EC2-delete_  policy and necessary permissions.

Reviewer: @oharan2 - We should confirm what group and minimum permissions are required to perform these actions.

Author: Agree, suggestion added. Lets take the group issue to Slack.

### General cleanup dos and don'ts

This section provides additional cleanup instructions for each resource type

It is generally safe to delete any resource whose name has one of the following prefixes:

* `ci-op-*`
* `ci-rosa-*`
* `mtc-*` (The MTC scenario has a unique prefix since it's deployed by the ocp-cli-installer)

#### VPCs

* In any AWS region: **_Don't_** delete any VPC whose `Default VPC` value is `Yes`

![default-vpc.png](img/default-vpc.png)

#### Route 53: Hosted zones

> * **_Do_** ONLY delete A records safely inside available hosted zones

Author: TODO: highlight the term: `A-records`

* **_Don't_** delete any hosted zone which doesn't have the interop testing prefix mentioned above (there may be reserved resources for internal use)

#### S3 Buckets

> * Similarly, **_don't_** delete any S3 buckets which doesn't have the interop testing prefix mentioned above (there may be reserved resources for internal use)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Similarly, **_don't_** delete any S3 bucket which doesn't have the interop testing prefix mentioned above (there may be reserved resources for internal use)
```
